"What we learned from doing this final project"

CIS 41B
Instructor Clare Nguyen
June 23, 2019

// Minhduc Cao

After completing this final project, I've learned a lot more about dealing with an API and working
with version control in a team with Github. One of the things I realized about APIs after having gone through
multiple to decide on the one we used for this project, is the lack of Python-specific sample code. Having gone
from this class's notes where Python is the assumed language, the API documentation only provides general
instructions since the API should be accessible through multiple languages. This led to a large chunk of time
dedicated to testing different options of pulling data from the API for use in this project. - Working in a team
also encouraged both of us to use version control with Github to more easily deal with updating code. Although we
were only able to use version control for the last week of the project, it made passing code from member to member
much simpler and less complicated than sending Python scripts file by file.


// Duc Huy Nguyen

Although I have worked with api before, in this project, going through a bunch of api documents and figuring out
what type of apis should be used to best match our project's purpose have cost me a lot of time. This is mainly
because the api instruction documents are written for general use in different languages. Therefore, I have learned
how to read and use api more efficiently. Additionally, I have also learned that when working in a team, when I write
codes that can be used by both me and my partners, I need to take into consideration all the possible cases so that not
only it works for my convenience but also works effectively for my partners. Thus, avoiding lost time due to revising
and fixing the codes. Lastly, using version control with Github have helped us so much in speeding up our project. Therefore,
I will probably use Github from now on not only because it allow us to collaborate productively but also it reduces the time
taken to join code manually.
